Docs: add SEO meta descriptions to each page (#1699)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/vlagent-metrics.md

---
weight: 21
title: Metrics of vlagent

> description: "Prometheus metrics exposed by vlagent for monitoring VictoriaLogs."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Prometheus metrics exposed by vlagent for monitoring log collection and remote write operations."
```
